## Cloud Computing Midterm - Agile Retrospective

#### Mailys Terrier, Achyut Anand, and Mihir Patel

For our cloud computing midterm, we created a basic version of a Fantasy Football App following the requirements provided by our Professor. There were things that worked, things that did not work, and things we could improve upon. What we got working was the main functionality. Users are able to create an initial roster and view player statistics while they’re creating it. Once they create their roster, they are able to view their weekly points. Preventing the user in selecting the same player for multiple positions is another thing we were able to get working. Something that did not work was trying to get a PHP linter to work with Visual Studio Code which prevented us from seeing syntax errors. We were able to circumvent this issue by displaying errors on our HTML pages. Since we each worked remotely, we needed a way to code simultaneously without creating merge/overwrite issues. Normally, git would work, but we were all working on the same files so it wasn’t the best solution. Something that worked well was using VS Live Share sessions. This feature made it very seamless to work together on the same server and codebase without fear of messing up someone else’s code. Allowing users to change their roster is something we can improve upon. Currently, users are only able to create the initial roster and are unable to make modifications later on. Initially, we chose the lowest-cost plan on Azure. This did not work for us though because the server was too slow to be used the way we intended. In order to solve this issue, we chose the second cheapest plan. This provided a speed that we were satisfied with. Overall, we were able to learn about working with Azure and we were content with the end result.